We saw about plugins on 28/7  from where we can select objects and then we sketch few pages of whatsapp. And on today's class which is 31/7 we saw about prototype where we linked two frames and we also different navigation opt. to link to frame, select the frame and click on the plus icon then select the type of transition for a particular text ,click on the text and click on plus icon then merge the pages using arrow and then on today's class which is 1/7 we used Gmail frames and added prototype for each frame.. we created a logo page log in,sign up page  ,home page ,we started with logo page and we linked it with sign up page and then we selected both logo and sign up page and linked it with home page and at the end we had a detail view on plugins and saw the application of morph# Swathi_spark_intern
18/07 i learned about what is ui/ux and what are the difference between the ui/ux then how to sign up the data 
19/07 i recaped the perivous days class , i learned how to create the object in photoshop , by using select tool i leard about how to create a shape then i seen how to change the various steps .
21/07 I learned innustration how to create a object ,1st we insert an object from Photoshop using pencil tool to create a outline ,used fill tool add some colours 
22/07 today i have learned about how to create a logo and how to use the contrast colour to attract the people or ordinance. today i drawn the logo, i think its not bad to me. yeah im really excited about this course.
24/07 today i have learned about how to create a login page, sign up page and the home page with the help of some app clone. and learned about how to create a colourfull logo to attract the ordinance. maybe today i tried to given my best to creating a pages, i want to develop it more
25/07 today i have learned about how to sign in figma application with the given id and password and we were seen about how to create frame, object and how to use pen and selection option .
26/07 Today i have drawn my own logo and i learned about how to draw the logo in pc and how to use tools and i learned how to colour it . And how to add different styles of text to add on with my logo and also i have learned about how to design login page. 
28/7 today we saw about plugins- from where we can select objects. and then we sketch few pages of whatsapp.and how to create a logo page .
We saw about plugins on 28/7  from where we can select objects and then we sketch few pages of whatsapp. 
And on today's class which is 31/7 we saw about prototype where we linked two frames and we also different navigation opt. to link to frame, select the frame and click on the plus icon then select the type of transition for a particular text ,click on the text and click on plus icon then merge the pages using arrow 
today's class which is 1/7 we used Gmail frames and added prototype for each frame.. we created a logo page log in,sign up page  ,home page ,we started with logo page and we linked it with sign up page and then we selected both logo and sign up page and linked it with home page and at the end we had a detail view on plugins and saw the application of morph
Broo thank you for letting  me know for the things you taught me about the editing that Kishore bro performed today you taught me how the process should be clear and how detailed the gaps should be   it was really useful for me broo thank you so much
